1. laravel reverb is a driver 
2. install reverb using  -- php artisan install:broadcasting
3. to publish the confirguration need to install reverb -- php artisan reverb:install
4. https://reverb.laravel.com/#features  for laravel features


Laravel echo 
1. it is a js library that makes it painless to subscribe to channels and listen for events broadcast


1. laravel auth ui package install -- composer require laravel/ui
2. php artisan ui bootstrap --auth
3. npm install && npm run dev
4. create fake data using seed with factory
5. php artisan migrate
6. php artisan db:seed
7. install livewire -composer require livewire/livewire
8. publish the config folder --php artisan livewire:publish --config
9. publish for assets folder -- php artisan livewire:publish --assets
10. create livewire component -- php artisan make:livewire ChatComponent
11. install reverb package using -- php artisan install:broadcasting
12. start rever using -- php artisan reverb:start

Note : By default, the Reverb server will be started at 0.0.0.0:8080, making it accessible from all network interfaces.

If you need to specify a custom host or port, you may do so via the --host and --port options when starting the server:
- php artisan reverb:start --host=127.0.0.1 --port=9000

Note :  in a production environment, you may route requests from your public Reverb hostname on port 443 to a Reverb server operating on 0.0.0.0:8080.


Note #[On('echo-private')]  :: here echo-private is use because of private channel


BROADCASTING 
1.  WebSockets are used to implement realtime, live-updating user interfaces.
2. command : php artisan install:broadcasting
3. this command will create broadcasting file in config folder 
4. this command is also create channels file in route folder where we register our application

Channels 
1. private : which require authentication
2. public : which don’t require any authentication
3. presence : They also require authentication and have the ability to register client presence on the channel.


chat module
1. Logged in user able to see all users 
2. logged in user able to see the user whom chat with 
3. live chat will show on the screen after clicking on that 
4. able to delete chat of self chat screen.

